yeah
the porcupine track and went
right up here
it's not too far ahead this is a
fresh track
hello areas right there right in
that tree
porcupines
when they're getting chased they
like to take to the trees I
can't shoot with this rifle this
thing would make pork pie soup
out of that porcupine
this is for shooting big animals
like caribou and moves I don't
have a smaller going me today
when I have to cut the tree
he got a little higher you got
to think about which way I want
to drop that tree
if he goes over into that
there's a real good chance
you'll get away under that brush
there i won't be able to get to
him
so make sure you follow this way
he'll be out in the open
I got much better chance of
catching i'll put a little notch
and help guide this tree down
the way I wanted to go there
got the notch I'll direct the
tree where I wanted to go
it's going there else
got support fine falls out of a
tree and land on your head
that's your head could look like
full of coils
porcupine a very good II want to
taste your animals i have come a
long way from home
I'm not going to bring back
whole I got a butcher right here
and it's getting dark so I
better get on it will start by
skin in this porcupine get the
skin off without getting equal
to me and i'll be happy
look at that that's hard to find
out here a lot of animals out in
this country are really know
it's hard to get enough fat off
the land a lot of times but
porcupines are one good source
of fat to be tasty
head off you got the hide off
then get in quilting me and I
just got to get the guts out
it's interesting how one thing
leads to the next out here so
often the case i'll head out
thinking that I'm looking for
one thing along the way I find
something else
can't be too choosy and i really
like eating porcupine so I'm
real happy
even I didn't find any caribou
today that's where it goes
keeps life interesting time to
get back to camp
go home and cook up some
porcupine